Basically, this Discord user, fedora#0001 created a discord server which advertises free robux. Inside, there's only 1 channel with a tinyurl link.
The link it redirects you to is not the scam, it doesn't grab cookies or anything. The scam is that it is not really roblox.
It's a roblox.mk link, not .com, and it shows the user going by "afaf" is playing a game and how you can join. Now, for many people who are
just trying to get free robux will join this user. However, when you do, you will need to signin. When you do, oops he took your account.


Here's proof.

1 - Roblox.mk is not a real Roblox domain, it may look real but it's not.
2 - If you have btroblox and go to the official roblox.com domain and search up "afaf" on Roblox, you can see he's terminated! Yet on his site, he's playing a game..?
3 - How come btroblox is not working on the scammers fake roblox site? That's why, because it's not real.
4 - Going to rblx.trade/p/afaf, rblx.trade is a website where you can view terminated accounts, afaf does NOT have the same avatar as shown with the real afaf. Not only that, last online 2 years ago, not today and definitely NOT playing any games apart from his last 2 being Namesnipes and Flex your account age.
5 - Scammer's profile shows it was created the 4/4 of 2009, yet going back to rblx.trade, the REAL account shows it was created in 2008.
6 - Place visits show 23 on his fake roblox, but it's only at 5 on the real.

And now for some small details, such as
1 - Catalog doesn't work on the fake
2 - Discover works, but text is off a smidge, not bolded enough
3 - Clicking a game in the fake site shows "privateServerLinkCode is Required" and doesn't actually show anything.
4 - Looks like this guy skidded something, going to the create tab on the fake site shows what he used to make it. What a skid.
5 - Robux tab doesn't have any robux packages. Could've been a good way to steal credit cards but I guess he was lazy.


Moral of the story guys, be safe. I am posting the link because I want you guys to know that it's not real and to not fall victim to it yourself. If you don't know what you're doing, don't click it, we don't know what he done with it and I want you guys to be fully safe, but always check your links, and if you have extentions that are not applying to the link you clicked, double check everything :)
Be safe guys, Jay out.